Ana said I say the only friends for fun comments. 

Like only reason we connected phone number wise. 

And then you saying you wanted to keep hanging out cuz fun and I made a comment about people and fun with me .

Sorry. Realize on my end I may be poking fun and I hit stuff like that more as a self deprivation (in this case is not serious when it comes to you, but I do hit things that are fucked up in that way)

I’m not serious, it also leans around me making fun of it to have it laughed at since it doesn’t represent our friendship but easily commented on. 

Also you were one of the first people, not even after a bit of me providing it, That people will take advantage and be careful etc. since I was so lax at a point. That it known and appreciated and means a lot you were looking out right away in regards to the fun. 

But realizing I’m doing a thing that can actually be taxing on you and our friendship saying it as often as you pointed out. 

Sorry. Thinking through things in every way like I do with most all things, especially socially. 

My brain has been able to be quiet. The days of de ja vu have been interesting. And I do still overthink, especially if it matters in any aspect to me in whatever way.

 It just doesn’t loop 24/7 when I do overthink life, like it did every moment my whole life when I was always “sane” before losing it and going to Cali. 


And as taxing the constant brain going was it might have been what hit me to the conversation and where I am looking to land about relationships, instant in love (and not just intense lust, which I don’t know if you can have that intense feeling of love without it being strong lust. -_-; maybe the lust + love is actually the difference

Even you at first talk on subject were saying you didn’t think it was love with Keri but lust perhaps. And I have had the opportunity for love. 

I dunno. 

The thinking basically landed on if I love someone that much I don’t need them to be controlled by our label of relationship. I just need to be there in their life and loved in their life.

I know what it means to stick through its hard etc with keri as the easy example. I would have not done that for anyone else.

It wasnt worth the constant anxiety and all the hate self hate mental imaginary situation worry. So work on emotions and find a long term situation that isn’t so ridged being the idea so it’s not so fucked if things happen that goes real bad because of the pressure to lie and hide things to not cause problems with someone who should with where I land love them condonditionally. 

There’s so much to it tho to make it healthy and boundaries between me and my person may change and there are rules etc. it’s not just open season but two people going through life with each other always there. 

The added intensity to love making it that feeling is just lust? The idea of someone you want Al around at the same time. That’s a big point. If it doesn’t end up being because of worry about what they are doing. 

Haha. 


Later thought on top of me not wanting to feel that, it was handled unhealthy and me too not communicating where I should too. 

But did I get to a down point from that I accepted my childish and more rigid version of love and how that looks in a relationship isn’t actually possible? It will always be not just only me and no thought of anyone else mattering. And vice versa. 

The hate in all directions, while still being so in love even after a long ass time apart. Kinda ended on fuck it if I love them I’ll support whatever. Is that poly? Would it me be never with others but them does? Based on my past i would say it’s impossible if asked then but now? Is it just being jaded to the point of not caring (with condition it’s done right and heathy between my partner)

I do think my pervious version of that relationship is impossible/it will always end unhealthy dinamics. Shit the words about me not feeling special or worth enough have been said in the past. 

Now? I dunno. Definitely different more ideal less stressful thoughts on it. But would I be able to work on things with someone and put it into practice? 

Let alone finding someone who would also work on that level of trust, communication and love unconditionally. a forever person that feels comfy about themselves and  anything and everything that comes up and not turn toxic, abusive or having to walk on eggshells to keep it going  just because of the strong feelings. 

Dunno. 

Just washed my hands right after finishing up scrubbing the kitchen floor. Then this song was at the end and has a little talk moment. Haha. Second time in a week random played song was relevant to a current moment. 

The relevant part is at 3:53 of the song. 
It’s a lauren hill song :) played after amy winehouse  album ended. 

https://open.spotify.com/track/0uEp9E98JB5awlA084uaIg?si=qjkTd-XqT6Wn_XmzQmALdw&context=spotify%3Aalbum%3A0E4xv5gPjykrwBgBZzI8XG


lol. Ridiculous. But note the “no matter what they do. “ which is on both ends of th big. But yeah. Even if it’s not solely me for every intimate and vulnerable aspect of the relationship. If done respectfully and healthily for where a in love relationship is at, easier to not have both stress about all the little ridig shit That causes so much pain and control over life. 



Yet another thought. A thought exercise maybe at some aspect? ><

One situation I think is interesting to consider is if one or both people are single and also sleeping with other people. 

If at some point you want to be labeled and committed bf/gf. The when you suggest it happening, it also leads to and means stop not just have sex but also talking to anyone you have. Or trust they won’t cross boundaries, but that trust would never be there at that point and most never achieve it. 

At this point with me relating to that, I don’t know if I would want to have that as a required ultimatum (at the time feels ignored and actively worked on). I feel like it sets a less than positive start to things. If it’s mutually just happened cool. 


Danicas parents (step dad not married) have been close best friends for a long ass time. eventually naturally it turned into a forever partnership with them.  and both today acknowledge like it was for them at first. if you want to talk to people and hang out whether spicy or bland it’s okay.  (do it right if course is always the impossible stipulation)

They have only been with each other for the vast majority apparently, I think Danicas mom said they lived together for 15 and were more than friends years before that. Then just friends years before that. :p

Point is if the love is there I think it has a better chance (if even possible) to last forever by trying to let it evolve to a place that’s fitting I guess. And changes to fit each other’s growing needs can be gone through while being each other’s in love partner. If it doesn’t fit what whatever label is supposed to mean and happen it shouldn’t have to be binary all or nothing. 

There’s so many variables around this shit I know. Because you also have to know when it doesn’t work with that person, or if it was good but isn’t going toward the long term place that can fit. 



The label (labels are stupid.) of gf/bf says a commitment to try being together. 

(Assuming more usual monogamous in this situation.)
If they have like 6 of them, shit doesn’t matter and controlling each others social life and not showing affection to others shows more feels. 

But If your the only one with that title, even more feels and just let it be natural to get where what works or naturally go toward long term goals. 

But instead if you have people in your life and you get in the position when asked for that next level of commitment by a friend/someone. 

it’s a decision when asked that causes instant forced change for good or bad if accepted. 

Even if the thought is it’s worth those changes, it can end up with a bad taste because you (and/or them) sacrificed and it’s their fault xyz is going on with you every time things get rocky. 

Also much if this is on the assumption that it would not change overtime, to say, allow one to talk to a friend they couldn’t once the relationship started for whatever reason. 

Basically there are good ways to do it that promote growth in mentality and ideas at the same time that isn’t so controlling leading to hiding little things what don’t matter to avoid potential hassle sucks if it’s a no bullshit which is just not so “label a is us so all the things that it is supposed to be is what happens now)

Majority with things like jealousy and fear and relationship shit stems right from the start I feel like with the large forced change by applying that label. 

which trying to avoid causes little problems too.  does/actively tries/can/realizes it working on themselve.   that might make actually a stronger thing. But also never happen and I also never experienced that route. I always wanted to be it and my now gf not hang out with people she was fucking. 

Also all this is missing a lot of words to explain better. ><